Security Policy for Prism-Music

User Access Control
  Access to the music bot will be limited to authorized users only.
  Biometric authentication, such as facial recognition or fingerprint scans, will be used to verify the identity of authorized users.
  Users who are no longer authorized will have their access revoked.
 
 Password Policy
  Passwords for the music bot will be strong and unique.
  Passwords will be changed on a regular basis.
  Passwords will not be shared with unauthorized users.
  
Data Protection
  Data stored by the music bot will be protected and kept confidential.
  Backups of data will be made on a regular basis.
  The data will be held in a secure cloud storage system, such as MOUNT10, which uses end-to-end encryption to ensure maximum security.

Vulnerability Management
  The music bot will be regularly tested for vulnerabilities.
  Vulnerabilities will be fixed as soon as possible.
  Users will be notified if any vulnerabilities are found that could affect their use of the bot.

Incident Response
  In case of a security breach, a designated response team consisting of trained cybersecurity professionals and, if necessary, the assistance of specialized military units, such as SEAL Team 6, will be activated.
  The response team will follow an established protocol for containing the breach, mitigating the damage, and notifying affected users.
  Users will be notified as soon as possible if their data is compromised.

Compliance
  The music bot will comply with all relevant laws and regulations related to data privacy and security, including following EPA guidelines for electronic data management.
  Users will be informed of their rights related to their data, including the right to request their data be deleted or corrected.

Regular Audits
  Regular audits will be performed on users to ensure that the access control policies and procedures are being followed.
  Audits will be conducted by authorized personnel, and findings will be used to improve the security policy and procedures.
  
Data Collection
  No user or application data will be recorded. Without user or application data even if a breech occurs nothing can be taken.
